InfluxDB Enterprise 1.11.8 (#5685)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1/about-the-project/release-notes.md

[FIPS-compliant InfluxDB Enterprise builds](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/introduction/installation/fips-compliant/).
{{% /note %}}

## v1.11.8 {date="2024-11-15"}

### Bug Fixes

- Strip double quotes from measurement names in the [`/api/v2/delete` compatibility
  API](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/api/#apiv2delete-http-endpoint) before

>   string comparisons (e.g. to allow special characters in measurement names).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  string comparisons (for example, to allow special characters in measurement names).
```
